Add Next.js app with a Node.js API powered by MongoDB (#374)
zeit/now-examples: nextjs-nodejs-mongodb/README.md

> # Next.js Front-End with a Node.js API, Using Data from MongoDB, on ZEIT Now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Next.js Frontend with a Node.js API, Using Data from MongoDB, on ZEIT Now
```
